Improves user documentation intro (#1376)
webrecorder/browsertrix: docs/user-guide/index.md

# Browsertrix User Guide

> Welcome to the Browsertrix user guide! While our aim is to create intuitive interfaces, sometimes the complexities of web archiving require a little more explanation. If there's something that you found especially confusing or frustrating [please get in touch](docs-feedback@webrecorder.net)!

Reviewer: I feel like this should be at the end rather than the beginning. At this point, the reader hasn't even seen any of the guide yet to be able to decide if they need to reach out.
Perhaps it could be a footer on all the docs pages?

> Welcome to the Browsertrix user guide! While our aim with our software is to create interfaces so intuitive no additional explination is needed, sometimes the complexities of web archiving require a little more expansion. If there's something that you found especially confusing or frustrating and — after searching for it here — if no satisfactory answer was given, we'd like to know about it, [please get in touch](docs-feedback@webrecorder.net)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Browsertrix user guide! While our aim is to create intuitive interfaces, sometimes the complexities of web archiving require a little more explanation. If there's something that you found especially confusing or frustrating [please get in touch](docs-feedback@webrecorder.net)!
```

- Spelling mistake
- Removed a bunch of sentence complexity — what do you think?
- Also curious about replacing "expansion" with "explanation", what do you think?

Author: oop TY for spelling fix!

Didn't like the double "explanation", hence "expansion".  If you've got something better swap it in!  Otherwise will commit this, much better!

Reviewer 2: how about "While our aim is to create intuitive interfaces, sometimes the complexities of web archiving require a little more explanation"?

Author: Great!
